
I will `make compile`, then `make write` at least once before I `make read`.

# Lab07 Files

Your goal for this lab is to create a program that can either write to or read from a file. You can do this by using command line arguments or making two separate main programs. 

Your makefile should have a `compile` target, and both `read` and `write` targets.

To make one main that does both, you would need to look up command line parsing in c (we will do this later), so making 2 main programs is acceptable.
 
If you have 2 main files, your compile target can compile both at the same time.


## make write:

WRITE values to a file `arraydata.dat` as follows:

1. Declare two int variables and an int array of size 8

2. Populate the two variables and an array with random int values (in the range 33 to 127 inclusive) generated by your random function. 

3. If your program seems to stall at this step, it's possible that your computer doesn't have enough entropy and is waiting, you can read from /dev/urandom instead.

4. Print out the contents of the two variables and array. Then write to a file `arraydata.dat`.

5. Write the two int variables to the file (verify this works before the next step)

6. Write the array to the file. Just use a single write command (DO NOT use a loop).


<strong>Urgent:</strong> 

1. Re-writing the file should replace the old values, do not append.

2. write should work if there isn't already a `arraydata.dat` so it should be able to create the file when it doesn't exist. (`rm -f arraydata.dat` so you know your code works when the file isn't already created.)


## make read:

READ values from a file `arraydata.dat` as follows:

 
1. Declare two int variables and an int array of size 8

2. Reads the data from the file into your program. This should be three read commands.

3. Prints the contents of the two variables/array.
